README.md, before:

# tuesthesis

Qs:
1. names of tests
2. services return response entity

To do:
* ~~get user (others)~~
* ~~country codes~~
* ~~pick a name~~ & ~~a colour palette~~, make a logo
1. ~~make it run~~
2. update stoplight
3. ~~use the enums~~
4. ~~friends = mutual follows~~
5. searches & filters
6. replies??
7. TESTS (in the end)
8. security & single sign on with oauth2
9. front end: vue
10. add posted on for journeys
11. machine learning:
~~* recommendations based on comments~~
* based on reviews
* ? follow recommendations (based on mutual friends)
~~data classes for responses~~
* notifications
* ~~user details~~
* default config like visibility (settings)

Front end to do list:
1. ~~finish follow requests~~
2. ~~search destinations~~
3. ~~journey adder - post to drafts~~
4. activity adder - add more
5. ~~comments under journeys~~
6. ~~single journey make it look ok + add activity carousel~~
7. ~~reviews under single destination~~
8. ~~comment adder~~
9. ~~review adder~~
10. finish user profile
11. settings
12. not found
13. notifications (after impl in the backend)
14. explore - destinations, search, trending journeys
15. ~~vuelidate / vee-validate~~
16. notification pop ups
17. application config
18. axios interceptors
19. journey manager

Recommendations:
* cosine similarity: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/520241/how-do-i-calculate-the-cosine-similarity-of-two-vectors
* normalise the compound scores of each user using the total of their comments
* DB!!

https://sylhare.github.io/2021/07/19/Openapi-swagger-codegen-with-kotlin.html

must haves:
1. ~~post journey~~
2. save user profile from google
3. lock user profiles
4. repair get journeys by user (not showing drafts)
~~6. jwt~~
~~7. security: checks for username there~~
8. notifications
9. tests
10. images: https://www.bezkoder.com/vue-upload-image-axios/ relative!
11. documentation
12. rec: weight of params

Future improvements (good to have):
* elastic search db for destinations
* collaborative recommendations

Commit message:

added an entity param to interest entity. it is used to differenciate the interest keys that have the same name but are not from the same entity type

README.md, after:

# tuesthesis

Qs:
1. names of tests
2. services return response entity

To do:
* ~~get user (others)~~
* ~~country codes~~
* ~~pick a name~~ & ~~a colour palette~~, make a logo
1. ~~make it run~~
2. update stoplight
3. ~~use the enums~~
4. ~~friends = mutual follows~~
5. searches & filters
6. replies??
7. TESTS (in the end)
8. security & single sign on with oauth2
9. front end: vue
10. add posted on for journeys
11. machine learning:
~~* recommendations based on comments~~
* based on reviews
* ? follow recommendations (based on mutual friends)
~~data classes for responses~~
* notifications
* ~~user details~~
* default config like visibility (settings)

Front end to do list:
1. ~~finish follow requests~~
2. ~~search destinations~~
3. ~~journey adder - post to drafts~~
4. activity adder - add more
5. ~~comments under journeys~~
6. ~~single journey make it look ok + add activity carousel~~
7. ~~reviews under single destination~~
8. ~~comment adder~~
9. ~~review adder~~
10. finish user profile
11. settings
12. not found
13. notifications (after impl in the backend)
14. explore - destinations, search, trending journeys
15. ~~vuelidate / vee-validate~~
16. notification pop ups
17. application config
18. axios interceptors
19. journey manager

Recommendations:
* cosine similarity: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/520241/how-do-i-calculate-the-cosine-similarity-of-two-vectors
* normalise the compound scores of each user using the total of their comments
* DB!!

https://sylhare.github.io/2021/07/19/Openapi-swagger-codegen-with-kotlin.html

must haves:
interests - add type
1. ~~post journey~~
2. save user profile from google
3. lock user profiles
~~4. repair get journeys by user (not showing drafts)~~
~~6. jwt~~
~~7. security: checks for username there~~
4. notifications
5. tests for services
6. images: https://www.bezkoder.com/vue-upload-image-axios/ relative!
7. documentation
8. rec: weight of params

Future improvements (good to have):
* elastic search db for destinations
* collaborative recommendations
